Settlements/Yhora (City).md, before:

---
dg-publish: false
---

# Yhora
Yhora ("Y-ORE-UH") is a large city that is the capital of the [[Yhorian Empire]]. It sits at the mouth of [[Sea of Yhor]]. 

## Population
> TODO: Description

### Highgarden
Highgarden is the upper-class district of the city. Wealthy noble houses construct their grand dwellings here. 

### Merchant's Crossing
A large open square with several promenades extending out from it. The square itself, is filled with stalls and stands. Each promenade is lined with more permanent shops and businesses. 

## Government
The Yhora family has maintained a monarchy for over two millennia. 

## Defense
- City completely surrounded by stone walls
- Yhorian guard (city guard) has a decent presence throughout Yhora and other towns in the [[Yhorian Empire]]

## Commerce
- Center of trade of the [[Yhorian Empire]]
- Imports from nearby towns and other nation capitals
- Economic rivals with [[Opirian Alliance]] despite importing from them 
- Exports manufactured goods and trained soldiers to smaller settlements

## Organizations
> TODO: Description

#Settlement

Commit message:

Renamed Yhorian Empire to Yhoran Empire

Settlements/Yhora (City).md, after:

---
dg-publish: true
---

# Yhora
Yhora ("Y-OR-UH") is a large city that is the capital of the [[Yhoran Empire]]. It sits at the mouth of [[Sea of Yhor]]. 

## Population
### Highgarden
Highgarden is the upper-class district of the city. It lays outside the gates of the Yhoran keep. Wealthy noble houses construct their grand dwellings here, in hope to become good terms with the royal family. 

### Merchant's Crossing
A large open square with several promenades extending out from it. The square itself, is filled with stalls and stands. Each promenade is lined with more permanent shops and businesses. Many merchants live above their respective shops. 

### Bloomfield
Most of the Yhoran population resides in what is named Bloomfield. They live as farmers, crafters, dockhands, and other simple laborers. Some farmers have homestead outside of the city walls, which is still considered Bloomfield. 

## Government
The Yhora family has maintained a monarchy for over two millennia. 

## Defense
The core of the city is surrounded by stone walls. There are three gated entrances to the city: north, to the main road; east, towards the outer harbor; and southwest, towards the inner harbor. 

Centered in the city, Yhora keep sits atop a hill, high enough to be seen anywhere within the city walls. The keep is surrounded by two stone walls, separated by a moat. 

The Yhoran guard is revered throughout [[Ezavriel]]. They are known for their extensive training and unyielding commitment to the Yhora royal family. Most of the size and power of the guard is used outside of the city- maintaining Yhoran control in nearby towns and villages. This does not end at the gates to the city. Yhoran guard presence is most prominent in both Highgarden and Merchant's Crossing districts: protecting the city's elite and trade above all else. 

## Commerce
Yhora is a major hub for trade, during and after the [[Yhoran Empire]]. The city is positioned on the mouth of the [[Sea of Yhor]], allowing sea trade routes to towns along the coast of the Sea and longer routes to other nations. 

Its main exports include manufactured goods and trained soldiers, usually to smaller settlements. 

Yhora imports mostly from the [[Opirian Alliance]], taking advantage of its variety of goods from different towns a part of the alliance. 

## Organizations
### Black Rose (Hidden)
The [[Black Rose]] is a thieves/assassins guild that hides in plain sight. It operates out of a tailor shop located in the Highgarden district. 

#Settlement
