Campaigns/Whispers In Opira/Session Notes/Session 2.5 - The Cost of Life.md, before:

# Session 2.5 - The Cost of Life

Date: 3/DD/2022  
Players: [[Sontar Raloran]] and [[Xerthanos Sparklecloak]]

## A Deal with Divinity
- Both "wake up" in a main walkway in the [[Eternal Athenaeum]] 
	- Notice they are ethereal, not in solid bodies --> they are their souls
- Booming, deafening voice comes over them, that only they can hear, Unus
- Has taken interest in them: wants to extend their life so they can continue Unus's work
	- "As followers of me, I watched over you and saw your final moments. I saw you each selflessly put yourself in front of another- putting your own life out for someone you cared about. And that is what caught my interest."
- Has a followup deal 
	- Pledge themself to Unus: take 1 level in Celestial Warlock, in return they will avoid resurrection sickness
	- Can choose to remain a follower without fully pledging, though may encounter resurrection sickness
	- "I offer you a deal: continue your pursuit for knowledge and selfless service and I can extend your life force on the Material Plane. There is still a culprit at large that needs to answer for they crimes. Then and only then your quest is complete, your souls will be able to rest back here, in the Eternal Athenaeum."

#Session_Notes

Commit message:

Added more notes on session 2.5 and started some for session 3

Campaigns/Whispers In Opira/Session Notes/Session 2.5 - The Cost of Life.md, after:

# Session 2.5 - The Cost of Life

Date: 3/DD/2022  
Players: [[Sontar Raloran]] and [[Xerthanos Sparklecloak]]  
Notable Entities: [[Deities of Eona#Unus the All-Knowing | Unus, the All-Knowing]] and [[Deities of Eona#Yher the Dark One | Yher, the Dark One]]

## A Deal with Divinity
- Both "wake up" in a main walkway in the [[Eternal Athenaeum]] 
	- Notice they are ethereal, not in solid bodies --> they are their souls
- Booming, deafening voice comes over them, that only they can hear, Unus
- Has taken interest in them: wants to extend their life so they can continue Unus's work
	- "As followers of me, I watched over you and saw your final moments. I saw you each selflessly put yourself in front of another- putting your own life out for someone you cared about. And that is what caught my interest."
	- "The world needs more selfless lives such as yourselves. With the help of Yher, you both will be able to return to your world, for a short while. As you know, there is a great evil on the loose and it needs to be stopped before more hurt is done."
	- "That is, of course, if you wish to do so. You may allow your soul to rest and remain here, in the [[Eternal Athenaeum]] with all of the other followers of Unus from the beginning of time." 
- If accept Unus's deal, they go to Yher's domain: the [[Lost Abyss]]
	- Yher has a followup deal: pledge themself to Yher: take 1 level in Warlock (The Great Old One), in return they will avoid resurrection sickness and remain alive even after your work is done
	- "Returning a soul to the Material Plane is extremely dangerous and can be a great toll on your physical bodies."
	- "I offer you my own deal: pledge yourself a follower of me and I will ensure your life force reconnects with your physical selves with not only no penalty, but maybe even a reward. In addition, your time in your world will be extended past the completion of your work for Unus. You will be free to go about it as you please."

## Back on the Material Plane
- Both wake up on stone slabs in a medical ward, with their elders standing over them
	- [[Ailin Wanderfoot]] has been crying for some time
	- [[Rolin Sparkleweaver]] has placed his sparkling cloak atop Xerthanos
	- Both have bags under their eyes 
- Both have their heads on/in open books 
	- Sontar is on a book about Unus fundamentals has the symbol of Unus drawn in ash on his forehead 
	- Xerthanos is on a book that talks about the connections between knowledge and magic, that references Unus and Meralin 
- If still a follower of Unus, they hear [[Clues#Unus List Riddle | Unus List Riddle]] in their minds

#Session_Notes
