Nations/Opirian Alliance.md, before:

# Opirian Alliance
The Opirian (OH-PEER-EE-AN) Alliance is a collection of ports in the center of [[Ezavriel]]. It is capital is [[Opira]], though other notable settlements in the alliance include [[Yalos]] and [[Port Qane]]. Representatives are elected from each of these major port towns and meet in [[Opira]] to form the Opirian Republic. This governing body makes decision for the entire nation, usually in regards to deals with other nations. 

Within the Opirian Alliance, the approved deities include: Eona the Creator, Atal the Shining One, Unus the All-Knowing, Ovaira the Lifebringer, Thoros the Ultimate Judge, Meralin the Wild Sorcerer, and Vhord the Warrior. 

## Goals
- Be the center of Ezavrielian trade
- Financially strengthen each of the major port settlements
- Better the lives of the hard-working citizens

## Relationships
> TODO: Relationships

## Key Figures
### Uga, Representative of [[Opira]]
Female Lizardfolk, True Neutral

### Cloud in the Sky (Sky), Representative of [[Port Qane]]
Female Tabaxi, True Neutral

### Zuhrus Razanath, Representative of [[Yalos]]
Male Triton, True Neutral

> TODO: Other reps
> ### , Representative of [[Opira]]
> ### , Representative of [[Opira]]
> ### , Representative of [[Yalos]]
> ### , Representative of [[Port Qane]]

#Organization

Commit message:

More nation info, need todo culture

Nations/Opirian Alliance.md, after:

# Opirian Alliance
The Opirian (OH-PEER-EE-AN) Alliance is a collection of ports in the center of [[Ezavriel]]. It is capital is [[Opira]], though other notable settlements in the alliance include [[Yalos]] and [[Port Qane]]. Representatives are elected from each of these major port towns and meet in [[Opira]] to form the Opirian Republic. This governing body makes decision for the entire nation, usually in regards to deals with other nations. 

> TODO: General culture

## Goals
- Be the center of Ezavrielian trade
- Financially strengthen each of the major port settlements
- Better the lives of the hard-working citizens

## Relationships
The goals of the government extend to the citizens that the republic governs. Most people that live within the alliance seek opportunity and are willing work hard for it. They elect their officials, so they know their goals and ideals align with those making the rules. 

The Opirian Alliance is placed in the center of [[Ezavriel]]. This makes cross-continental trade by other nations almost impossible without dealing with the alliance. Ports cities and towns in the alliance usually act as a middle figure between nations, and thus, can take their cut of the overall deal. Other nations begrudgingly agree, as otherwise no trade would happen at all.

## Key Figures
### Uga, Representative of [[Opira]]
Female Lizardfolk, True Neutral

### Cloud in the Sky (Sky), Representative of [[Port Qane]]
Female Tabaxi, True Neutral

### Zuhrus Razanath, Representative of [[Yalos]]
Male Triton, True Neutral

> TODO: Other reps
> ### , Representative of [[Opira]]
> ### , Representative of [[Opira]]
> ### , Representative of [[Yalos]]
> ### , Representative of [[Port Qane]]

#Organization
