Nations/Yhorian Empire.md, before:

# Yhorian Empire
The Yhorian (y-OR-EE-an) Empire is the largest and most dominate nation in [[Ezavriel]]. It has ruled as a monarchy under the Yhora family for over 2000 years. They govern from their home and capital of their empire: [[Yhora (City) | Yhora]].

The Yhoras have been able to create a stable life for many throughout their empire. Distracted by prospering settlements and thriving trade, the average commoner has forgotten the bloodied history when the Yhora family first rose to power. As long as the empire continues to flourish, the general view of the royal family remains in good light. There will always be those eagerly awaiting their downfall, but that is natural when it comes to long-standing forms of authority. 

## Goals
- Support the Yhorian Empire so its citizens can prosper
- Expand the Yhorian rule
- Protect the royal family

## Relationships
To the common citizen, the Yhorian Empire is a strong, extensive governing body that gives them opportunity and comfort. As long as laws are followed, people under Yhorian rule can live their lives with little fear of catastrophe and danger.  

From its inception, the Yhorian Empire has been able to flourish and be a major nation of [[Ezavriel]]. Its immense military power and vast trade networks allow the state to maintain its dominant presence. Dreams of full continental control dance in the minds of every member of the Yhora family. While they wish to eventually rule all across [[Ezavriel]], the royal family recognizes the use of other nations. 

## Key Figures
### [[King Xuan Vander Yhora]]
Male High Elf, Lawful Neutral

### Queen Nalankilli Yhora
Female High Elf, Lawful Neutral

### [[Thestros Yhora III]], Master of Coin
Male High Elf, True Neutral

### [[Valor Daeren]], Assistant of Coin
Male High Elf, Neutral Good

### [[Yolanda Mei]], Master of Transport 
Female Dragonborn, Lawful Neutral

> TODO: 
> - Master of Knowledge
> - Master of Defense
> - Master of Magic

#Organization

Commit message:

Future of Ezavriel and beginning of technology

Nations/Yhorian Empire.md, after:

# Yhorian Empire
The Yhorian (y-OR-EE-an) Empire is the largest and most dominate nation in [[Ezavriel]]. It has ruled as a monarchy under the Yhora family for over 2000 years. They govern from their home and capital of their empire: [[Yhora (City) | Yhora]].

The Yhoras have been able to create a stable life for many throughout their empire. Distracted by prospering settlements and thriving trade, the average commoner has forgotten the bloodied history when the Yhora family first rose to power. As long as the empire continues to flourish, the general view of the royal family remains in good light. There will always be those eagerly awaiting their downfall, but that is natural when it comes to long-standing forms of authority. 

## History
### The Rise of the Yhorian Empire
- Grandfather of Yhorian family
- Establishes city of [[Yhora (City) | Yhora]] 
- Increases influence throughout the continent

### The Yhorian-Opirian War
The [[Yhorian-Opirian War]] was a war between the [[Opirian Alliance]] and the [[Yhorian Empire]]. It began in YEAR and ended in YEAR, lasting YEARS. 

Ultimately, the [[Opirian Alliance]] utilized its naval power and outmaneuvered the [[Yhorian Empire]]. Pushing their forces all the way back to their capital, [[Yhora (City) | Yhora]]. 

### The Fall of the Yhorian Empire 
The [[Yhorian-Opirian War]] marked the end of the [[Yhorian Empire]]. What started as a expansive nation that controlled much of [[Ezavriel]], shriveled to a single remaining city. 

## Goals
- Support the Yhorian Empire so its citizens can prosper
- Expand the Yhorian rule
- Protect the royal family

## Relationships
To the common citizen, the Yhorian Empire is a strong, extensive governing body that gives them opportunity and comfort. As long as laws are followed, people under Yhorian rule can live their lives with little fear of catastrophe and danger.  

From its inception, the Yhorian Empire has been able to flourish and be a major nation of [[Ezavriel]]. Its immense military power and vast trade networks allow the state to maintain its dominant presence. Dreams of full continental control dance in the minds of every member of the Yhora family. While they wish to eventually rule all across [[Ezavriel]], the royal family recognizes the use of other nations. 

## Key Figures
### [[King Xuan Vander Yhora]]
Male High Elf, Lawful Neutral

### Queen Nalankilli Yhora
Female High Elf, Lawful Neutral

### [[Thestros Yhora III]], Master of Coin
Male High Elf, True Neutral

### [[Valor Daeren]], Assistant of Coin
Male High Elf, Neutral Good

### [[Yolanda Mei]], Master of Transport 
Female Dragonborn, Lawful Neutral

> TODO: 
> - Master of Knowledge
> - Master of Defense
> - Master of Magic

#Organization
